loli tech
businessmen and we are going to explain now three or four reasons
why buy an ecological oven an ecological oven we can install it
in any type of building
the cooking of the grilled chicken is more quick couple scabies is juicy golden brown
does not have any taste change is more exquisite smoke does not invade the environment
your local this is very important the approximate saving in fuel is the
50% compared to traditional ones
there is no accumulation of fats in the oven and no chimney avoiding all kinds
risky
of fires that very expensive expenses in the maintenance of the pipelines
accumulated fat and oil sold to processors lived fuels is a
Extra income for the businessmen friend of this item eliminates the risk of
Ingest carcinogenic organic compounds protecting your health
totally
prevents the barbeque friend from inserting his body in the middle of cultivations for
take out the dust with this we take care of your health of our friend parrillero
this the córdoba has been manufactured
with a lot of time dedication and according to the norms and specifications
techniques
standards by the provincial municipality of Arequipa
the ministry of the environment
and the health management of the regional government of Arequipa
we have been delayed approximately six months
to build this oven that is high quality with state-of-the-art technology
and so we help eliminate total contamination
of the globe that this moment is very important
these products can be found in the avenue perú 306 in the urbanization
fessia district of josé luis bustamante and rivero arequipa our telephone the
43 14 14
our website
the lias punto set p and our mail sales @ lo liga dotcom dot
Perez